I am going to show you how I made these
really cute paper flower bouquets these
make great gifts because they last on
London real flowers and they're so easy
to make you could do them in any themed
paper that you born I use baby girl
themed paper here but you could do any
theme and get them for any occasion so
the things that you will need are a hot
glue gun and glue sex you'll need your
craft paper of choice I'm using dove
craft paper here you'll need a stapler
some buttons and some wooden skewers for
the stems so you want to take your piece
of craft paper this is six inches by six
and she's a perfect square you could use
any size square you want to flip it over
so that the pattern sides on the bottom
and you want to take one edge to meet
the other and just squash that down
really firmly to make a good fold so you
are left with a triangle shape then you
want to take one edge of the triangle
and fold it up to meet the top of the
triangle and just make sure that you
press that down firmly on the fold and
do the same on the other side
and just fold the other side over as
well and then you're left with a square
sheet that has these two little flaps
but you want to take one of the flaps
and you want to fold it back on itself
to meet the edge of the square so you're
left with the best kind of sheep so just
taking it from them as well folding it
back on itself
till it meets the edge and do the same
on the other side so you have a shape
that looks like this then we're going to
do something called a squash fold so you
want to just put your finger in between
the paper in that little hole you want
to wiggle it about just to create some
space and then as you will work a lot
about use your other hands so just
flatten it down and squash it into place
and it will naturally kind of fall down
into that sheep so you can have a squash
fold that looks like that do the same on
the other side so just yet poking your
finger into the hole and just squashing
it down with your other hand to get this
kind of like I think it looks like an
ice-cream kind of shape like that so you
have a shape looks like that then we're
gonna take the top of that sheep and
fold it back on itself just so it goes
in line with the other side and do the
same with the other side
and then we're gonna take this part here
this edge and fold it back on itself
again and it should form I easily
because we've already had a fold there
from before we that the squash fold so
that should just easily fold over into
place like so and do the same on the
other side
and then you're just going to roll into
the petal sheep so you're going to take
these two sides and join them together
so just gently rolling them and towards
each other and then just pressing really
firmly along the edge just to make sure
that stays in place and this is where
your stapler comes in handy so we can
actually staple that into place and
depending on how thick your paper is my
paper was in between like paper and
cards some of it was quite you think you
might need to kind of really press there
and your staple like I did here then
we're gonna put some hot glue just in
between that space in the middle there
just a really secure it into place and
then just press on that really firmly
just until the glue sets
and here's something I did earlier that
have dried now so once they have
completely dried you can take one of
your petals and I just like to kind of
Benza a little bit just to open it up
and make it look a little bit bigger and
to make quite a flower we're going to
need five petals and your wooden skewer
so you're gonna take two of your petals
and we're going to glue them together
like so so we're gonna run a strip of
glue along the edge of the outer part of
the petal I think the easiest way to do
this is to race the petals on the
tabletop so to make sure that they are
both even and just holding a few seconds
to sit then I'm just gonna do the exact
same thing applying glue around the edge
sucking the other petal into place and
doing the same
and once you have stuck four petals
together we're then going to put the
wooden skewer into the flower before we
put the final one end so just pop quite
a bit of glue into the middle there and
then just nestle your wooden skewer into
the middle and then disappear but more
glue along the edges of it those two
petals and then just stick your
remaining petal over the wooden skewer
and to cover that space up and there we
go we have our flower yay good job and
the easiest way to live is to say I feel
is just a police thumb upside down like
this better just make sure they don't
fall and or move sheep or anything like
that we're never gonna stick a button in
the middle I think this just really
finishes it off so I've got some rhythm
buttons and just applying what they're
glue into the middle of the flower and
just popping that button into the middle
and I just think this really fuzzies the
flowers off you could use any color
buttons I think the wooden ones give it
a really lovely kind of vintage look and
I didn't mention the paper that I use is
called dove craft that's the brand and
they do lots of different things so you
could really make flowers for any
occasion or even just for your houses
decoration I've just popped my flowers
into a cute little bars like this one
and it looks so gorgeous these make such
thoughtful
lovely gifts that people can have
forever because they'll never die and I
actually made mine or my best friend who
just had a baby so I did a baby boy
themed paper flower bouquet but this one
I'm actually going to give to my niece
for her new bedroom I just think they're
so so cute I really hope you enjoyed the
video if you did then please subscribe
I've got lots more craft that he was
planned and I'll see you next time
thanks for watching bye